Add PEP 632 comments to manual (#1933)
chipsec/chipsec: docs/sphinx/contribution/code-style-python.rst

     - Assignment Expressions
     - Adds a way to assign to variables within an expression
     - 3.8
     - No

Deprecate distutils module support
==================================

> Python 3.12 will deprecate and remove the distutils module.  In order for CHIPSEC to support these versions of Python, setuptools should be used instead of distutils.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 3.12 will deprecate and remove the distutils module.  In order for CHIPSEC to support this version of Python, setuptools should be used instead of distutils.
```
